For CCB Review: Prepare for the release candidate v1.0.0-rc.1 (#44)
asam-ev/qc-baselib-py: README.md

ASAM Quality Checker Framework. With it, users can create their own
Checker Bundles or Report Modules in Python.

> **Disclaimer**: The current version is the release candidate `1.0.0rc1`. The first official release is expected to be in November.

Reviewer: Could be updated to `v1.0.0-rc1`, or just remove this. Then we don't need to update the rc number in the text when we have `-rc2`.

```suggestion
**Disclaimer**: The current version is a release candidate. The first official release is expected to be in November.
```
